me all guys are left as they are
welcome again today
again we are back guys
again we are back with more and
best videos for you and the truth
that those last two days has been a
pretty sad story especially
because the truth I had an absence
after practically a little bit long and
the channel the truth that the latter
days I spent it as well as in focus
well I do not know how a bit empty not in
special for not trying to answer more
towards any video not passing a good
and so much I did not record practically anything
because the work had some with its
problems is not in itself not so much I but
here in what was the electrical system
itself of what was here in the house
some few problems suffered by a
thunderstorm that had out there the
weekend ends up hurting in great
part of here a few houses and the
true that good we ended up like that
comes watering two because then not
we could use nothing there was not much
electricity and the truth that we spent two
very sad days but good guys
again we are going to treat
to incorporate ourselves in the best way and
today we are going to continue with a top 5 of
botafoc a truth that this already
we had left out there of does some
two weeks maybe especially by the
content that came to us from zombies and
all this the truth that good we leave it
a little bit on the side we rest a
but we are already back and
let's start with
and we have some very good emblems
they were quite rare and especially
also some immortal tales
I say pop band I do not even know how I'm going to
pronounce what comes next
but now boy let's start and
we go quickly with what would come to
be the top 5 of this new week
It could be number 5 this week
we started with what could be a
a man attempted to year what
we could call it that slightly is not
that has a lot of face of a spider man
but hey it shows a little bit what his
dress a little what is the suit and
we do not have also there until the emblem
of the spiderman go that is a design
a little strange, not particular because
it does not distinguish much his face we do not have
that has pretty flirty eyes
I could say it but the truth is that
I know an attempt a little strange the
true but well it shows quite the
design skill that we could
stand out in that person and good
also we have practically
of what your investing in which you do not
I have not the slightest idea how
can I pronounce so we're going to
continue with the next
support number 4 guys of the week
we have a pretty emblem again
pretty creative we do not have anything else in
the idea which was based on what this
emblem we see we have a sheet
of notebook a sheet in which
we typically make drawings of this
style the typical dolls that
we draw only with sticks
of lines and dots and a truth that
it's quite glasses of creative what
is the idea is boy the truth what
particularly I caught my attention
special because it was I do not know how it is that
we take this idea to translate it to
our black dog profile 2
integrally quite strange but
well I with this problem was
sponsored by our good friend of
mike sweeney which good carried what
what was this emblem in some game
multiplayer
we were literally captivated by what
was that idea
ah
the number three guys already starting with
the three best of this week we're going to
start with this emblem to which you do not
bring our good friend the raven flash
and go play and every time I see it
the xbox live surprises us quite the
new emblem that he always carries
emblem of truth that very strange
emblems of this style and go that the
day of hate that particular week we
he was quite surprised with what was his
emblem again the truth that I do not know is a
idea quite strange indeed
well there are some characters which are
based on these types of faces which
Well, how do you find the characters
original and today she is pretty
well quite strange because what is
he deserves quite well what his position
number 3 in this week number 4 of the top
5 for so much that the position number of
this week I look at nothing more than that is what
we have guys go that is an emblem the
which obviously we are not
older person who is noticed
that comes very, very, very, very
well armed in the particular and I think that
is an emblem of truth that with a lot
creativity the truth that at the moment of
that we saw him win some game in
multiplayer the truth that gave us
pretty grace we ran quickly to
see it and sincerely try to take it
a good laugh with him the truth that
it's a yogurt emblem
very creative as I already said this
emblem well us for our good
friend that I do not even know how to pronounce
invent and play we obviously have here
down and good the kind of the truth that
it's an emblem I think you can not see
quite strange what are you going to have
a very very creative imagination for
get to do something of this style in
what is your profile
but good boy finished it with the
number one and with the parents with whom
in particular I think it's the best
this week so we go there with the
top number one of the week number
four
and in position number one kid of
this week taking the very first
place I do not have anything else the emblem that
we have and really here a detail
very important most of the time
that take the first place more or
less is the same idea I think that the
most people have a
pretty big imagination at the moment
to create an idea of ​​this style the
true that good input I do not have what
which is the main idea
we know that obviously it is a part
intimate is a member of some person
which we do not have that has some eyes
quite concrete also note that
has up the tongue from outside or already
which is a pretty strange emblem
sincerely with that of what we
we saw said fac guardian for this purpose
emblem and good guys here is the
boy brain that have earned
pretty good or that position number
one of our week number 4 of
our top 5 of guata pocket land is
to win you liked all these
emblems guys know they can
share me any of the emblems
that you have through the page of
facebook although you can send me some
photo or anything capture of
screen what you like so that
they can also participate in what
it's this weekly series so guys yo
already begins to dismiss me I hope of
have really imported what is this
video you know that you can comment here
at the bottom, which are these emblems
it was their favorite which they want to be
minors
place number 1 the particular this was
the way in which I decide
accommodate us was in the way in which
I decided that he deserved a position
so guys have a great time and want
that they are remember and editions also
who can share this video with
all the friends left the ccis that was
of your liking so I say goodbye
I seems I'll be watching to
tomorrow with a new video with
some new example and commented for
you see us later goodbye